IVW-00093
________________


Transcript
Drew Giovannoli: Can you introduce your role at the firm?
Trish Herrera: Yeah. So I've been with Mr. Lewis for, sheesh, nearly 20 years now. I'm technically, I guess, a legal assistant, but I kind of do everything here. I'm the only one in the office besides him, so I do it all.
Drew Giovannoli: Are there other people at the company, or is it the two of you now?
Trish Herrera: It's just the two of us. We had another attorney with us up until January of this year, and then she kind of left the state, so she's not here anymore.
Drew Giovannoli: What prompted you to try a service like Rev's? And were you using anything before it?
Trish Herrera: We were pretty much doing our own transcription before, or we'd have maybe, I guess, like contract workers that we had used before to do it. And then one of our other. I worked with another attorney for a few years along with Mr. Lewis, and she uses Rev. And when we had a couple needs come up, we thought about having me transcribe it, and then it was like, well, let's try it out, Rev. Let's see how it works out. So we did it. We were pretty happy with it, so that's what started it. So it was a referral basically, yeah.
Drew Giovannoli: Do you use the AI or human transcription?
Trish Herrera: We actually use both. We tested out the human one first because we just wanted to see what it was like and how accurate it was, and did an amazing job. The second time, we just kind of wanted to mess around with the AI and see how it worked out, and it was pretty good. It had some not so accurate things, like maybe about who was talking, which you can understand, but it was overall pretty good. I was impressed.
Drew Giovannoli: For what types of work do you use transcription today?
Trish Herrera: So typically we use. Mostly we do, like, pre trial interviews, sometimes with officers, sometimes with just other witnesses, people like that. That's typically what we use it for. In this instance, we used it for a public hearing that was held in one of our neighboring counties. And I think both of the times we used it, we used it for that.
Drew Giovannoli: When you were evaluating using Rev as an option, what criteria was important to you?
Trish Herrera: For us at that moment, obviously price, that's always the one, everybody. But turnaround time was actually a big one for us. And the attorney that referred us basically was pretty happy with the turnaround time. She told us, we get it back at least within 24 hours or so. And so that was kind of a big thing for us was the turnaround time.
Drew Giovannoli: Were there any of those criteria that are legal-specific, anything you had in your mind as you evaluated Rev?
Trish Herrera: Right. I looked at the data security and for what we specifically used it for, it wasn't a big deal because like I said, it was a public hearing. But that could come into play when, like I said, we do witness interviews and things like that. Especially if you have like victims in cases, you can't have a lot of their stuff get out there. So that would be, I think that would be on a case to case basis. Data security.
Drew Giovannoli: Have you looked at Rev security and decided whether it's secure?
Trish Herrera: Yeah, yeah, it looks pretty good. I was actually impressed with the thoroughness, but it was pretty good. I was impressed, because sometimes you send it out to freelancers that in the area or something and occasionally you'll get a transcriptionist that happens to know the witness or something like that and you're like, oh no, that's not good. Or the cop or something like that. So sometimes using a company like this would be safer than maybe a local person.
Drew Giovannoli: Have you tried any of the AI features?
Trish Herrera: Not aside from just the transcription. No, we just used the transcription for the AI and I think it was, I want to say it was like a one hour hearing and I can't remember exactly how long it was. But that's the only thing we've actually used.
Drew Giovannoli: Do you expect or want to use it for other things in the future?
Trish Herrera: Honestly, I don't know. It sounds like. Because I talked to my. I told him this was going on and I was like, hey, is there anything you actually want me to say to Rev? And he said that he was actually very impressed with the results and he plans to pretty much use this as our go to now. So he was impressed. But as far as AI, he hasn't used it for a whole lot of other things and neither have I. So neither of us is really too AI savvy right now. But he likes to write his own motions and briefs and everything, so he hasn't really used it for a lot.
Drew Giovannoli: What other tools do you use at the company?
Trish Herrera: Well, of course, Outlook, everybody uses Outlook. We use a program called Clio for our calendar management. We kind of use it in line with Outlook too. But Clio is basically our. Where everything goes on our calendars.
Drew Giovannoli: Anything else besides Clio?
Trish Herrera: Dropbox, I guess would be the other thing we use. Dropbox, Clio. Let me see here. I mean, nothing aside from like Office, Microsoft Office, Adobe. That's about it.
Drew Giovannoli: Do you have any challenges or frustrations with that first use of Rev, anything you wish was improved?
Trish Herrera: No, actually I was pretty surprised at how well it worked.
Drew Giovannoli: If you began to use it for more of your cases, how do you think it could help your business?
Trish Herrera: As far as efficiency? It would be nice because like I said, a lot of times we either use somebody out of house or sometimes I'll transcribe and obviously that takes a lot of time and takes away from my other work. So for that it would be really helpful considering I'm the only one here. So that's been really nice. And he was. And my boss felt like it was worth the cost of paying for the transcription versus either paying me to do it or when we send them out, I want to say that man, they're going right. Last I knew, I think they were charging anywhere from 250 to $3. I forget how they work that now. Is it from per hour? I know that's not right. I can't remember anyway. It got kind of expensive. And we weren't having great results with people. Accuracy was pretty good, but I mean, we were looking at a two to three week turnaround time sometimes.
Drew Giovannoli: Rev is pretty fast.
Trish Herrera: Yeah. Yeah, it's nice.
Drew Giovannoli: Is there anything in terms of templating or formatting that's important to you? When you get these back, are you submitting these anywhere or is this just for internal use?
Trish Herrera: Sometimes they get submitted to opposing counsel. We do review them for our own safety, of course, our own accuracy. They sometimes will get submitted as exhibits to motions, partial, pages here and there. Format isn't too much of an issue because it mo. The both. The ones we got back seem to follow kind of our format, which was pretty decent. As long as it separates the speakers and things like that. It was. We can pretty much use those as they come. Yeah, but, yeah, we typically. That's about, we'll submit them to opposing counsel. Sometimes they're attached to motions, sometimes they're using exhibits in court. And then sometimes, like, my boss will just want that along with the recording so that he can kind of timestamp stuff sometimes so he knows where to go in the recording.
Drew Giovannoli: What other work do you have to do that's related to this casework that Rev could potentially do to make your life easier?
Trish Herrera: I'm trying to think of, like, data, specific stuff that we do. I mean, you scan in exhibits, labeling exhibits, maybe just organizing what we call discovery. I don't know how familiar you are with legal, but the documents that go between the parties, basically, that's pretty much my job. Maybe something like labeling or exhibits, something like that. I don't know. That's about all I can think that we could potentially send out. But other than that, I can't really. I mean, maybe like. Like I was saying with the time stamping of stuff, maybe like. I don't know. It's hard to say. Yeah. That's about all I can think of. Maybe just like more specifics on, like if we send a video in maybe like, because I think you guys do. Or they do timestamp, right?
Drew Giovannoli: Yes, absolutely.
Trish Herrera: I think we just didn't pay for that that one time. But I'm pretty sure they timestamped and that may be something we take advantage of.
Drew Giovannoli: Have you interacted with the Rev team at all outside logging into service?
Trish Herrera: No, in fact, I was actually going to look at that just to make sure. I think we got one email just asking. I'm trying to look. Hold on. Just if we were happy with the accuracy. I think that was on the first one that we did. And that was the human transcriptionist. So I understand why they reach out. Like does that. Is that good? So I just responded and said everything looked good. So that was it though.
Drew Giovannoli: When you bought it the first time, did you just buy like per minute human?
Trish Herrera: Yeah, yeah. Both times we did it in fact the same thing with the AI one we just did it that for that one use. I think if we used it more, we may do like. Because I know there were plans, we'd probably do something like that. But for now I think it just works as a paper request because we can also attach that to our billing sometimes.
Drew Giovannoli: Do you pass these costs on to the customer?
Trish Herrera: Those specific ones? We did not. But I know in the future if it was case specific, it would be. They kind of go into the cost totals and things like that. So we'd probably have to do it separately in that case also. Unless there was some kind of breakdown that we could prove what we spent on that one transcription.
Drew Giovannoli: Would it be helpful in these packages for law if there was a per case fee or you could start and stop a timer or some sort of billing codes per client?
Trish Herrera: Yeah. Even if we, I mean, not necessarily a stop. Well, I guess you could do a stop and start, but when it comes to things like sending out transcription. Usually you can just submit that one invoice like that. So if we could get the invoices separately or at least some kind of ledger that would separate that one case out from the rest, that would be helpful. And maybe they do that. We just didn't really look into it a whole lot.
Drew Giovannoli: Is there anything that I haven't brought up about the product or the process of using Rev that could help them improve?
Trish Herrera: No, honestly, I don't think so. I mean, like I said, we were pleasantly surprised. We didn't really go into it with a whole lot of high expectations. It's sad to say that, but sometimes when you send things out, you're like, ah, it's not going to come back right. And we were both pleasantly surprised at how it turned out.