IVW-00110
Transcript
Drew: If you don't mind, I'd love to just have you introduce yourself for the record and your role.
Brian: Sure. So I am an attorney in Massachusetts. I do criminal defense for kids. So what that means is that my clients are charged with committing a crime between the ages of 12 and 18 and they are tried in juvenile court in Massachusetts. Juvenile court has jurisdiction over almost any type of case and could range from trespassing and disorderly conduct on the less serious side all the way up to attempted murder, rape, and home invasion. On the other end, the only type of case, criminal case that does not go to juvenile court is murder. That's adult court only.
Drew: Got it. And it's your firm, correct?
Brian: Correct. It's just me. I'm the only one.
Drew: How did you come across Rev? What prompted the need to look for a service like that?
Brian: So I've had a subscription with Westlaw for a decade and I got co-counsel AI a couple of years ago. And one of the things that I really needed done was transcribing videos, so like body cam, police communications, radio communications, interviews, and I needed it done quick. So if I send it to a transcriber, some transcribers, they don't want to do body cam work at all because it's hard to understand. And then if I'm sending out a recorded interview where the quality of the audio is better, it still could take a month. And I am a trial court attorney. So what that means is I am in front of the judge a lot and sometimes my clients are arrested and I don't have time to wait a month for stuff to come in. So I just was talking with my AI and it said, I may even ask the question, can I upload a video and have it transcribed? I knew I couldn't do it when I first got it, but then the answer recommended like Rev and then some other one. And so I looked at them both. I don't remember what the other one was, but I tried Rev and I did the trial or the free account, whatever it was, and I was like, oh, this is awesome. I can just upload a video and it gives me a transcript right away. I just loved the interaction and how it works. So it took me two days to be like, I need to just sign up for a pay subscription.
Drew: Do you use just the AI functionality or do you ever use the human accurate level?
Brian: So far I've only used the AI, so what I primarily am doing is anytime I get the prosecution gives me body cam police videos, any surveillance video with audio, 911 calls, so anything audio or video, I just upload it and then play around with the transcript function. So instead of speaker one, I change it to the names and then I start to ask it questions. I'm still using my co-counsel AI for the majority of my AI stuff, but I'm using Rev to produce the transcripts and then ask questions specific to the transcripts.
Drew: Can you break down for me how you used AI with Westlaw and co-counsel and then what you found value in using AI for with Rev?
Brian: Yeah, so the AI I have through Westlaw co-counsel, there's two main parts that I use it for. One is the legal research. So instead of doing, do you know what Westlaw is?
Drew: It's a Thomson Reuters AI software. I know that, but I haven't used it.
Brian: Yeah, so Westlaw is, it's almost like Google for lawyers, but instead of the internet, it's like case law. So 50 years ago you'd have to go to a law library and look up cases and laws and books and Westlaw has everything digitized. So you can search statutes, case law decisions, like all that stuff in their Westlaw database. And so what it used to be just a regular search word, you search a term you put and or you put parentheses and use that awkward language to try and find what you're looking for. But now with the AI, you can just ask it a question like, Hey, here's my scenario. My client's charged with assault and battery dangerous weapon and he's wearing Crocs. Are crocs a dangerous weapon or can you find cases that talk about what a dangerous weapon is? And the AI works through the Westlaw database, so it will scan all the cases and then highlight stuff for me. So it really makes my research much, much more effective and really speeds things up for me. And then the second part of the AI that they have is you can use it to brainstorm cases. So for example, I'll say like, Hey, this is a self-defense case and I'm going to upload all of the evidence I have and then I can ask you questions and I could say, okay, here's a police report. Here's grand jury minutes, here's a victim statement, here's all the evidence I have from the prosecution. Where did the victim say X? Where did the victim say Y? And so it can create charts and highlight things for me. I can also brainstorm with it. So I'll be like, Hey, this is self-defense, come up with 10 catchy phrases that I could use. So I have discussions like that, but the thing it wasn't doing was producing transcripts of body cam, so I would have to have a transcript done and then upload it. And that's where Rev comes in that I use Rev to produce the transcripts to then upload into co-counsel.
Drew: What are the types of questions you're asking the AI in Rev about the transcript?
Brian: So kind of like what I said, if I'm uploading a bunch of documents to co-counsel, when did this person say this? When did this person say this? And I'm doing the same thing with a body cam. When did the alleged victim say my client did something or name the description that identify all the descriptions that the victim or witness gave of my client or whatever. So I just kind of use it to highlight the portions that can be relevant to me.
Drew: Would it be helpful to you if there were any sort of templates or terms that were preset as you loaded files in that could make things more useful?
Brian: Yeah, so that's a really good example. So what I'd say, so in Massachusetts, and I assume every, I'll just speak to Massachusetts where I am, we have jury instructions for pretty much every type of offense you can have. And the jury instructions, it's basically like a checklist for the jury. So it's what the judge reads to the jury. So they say when assault and battery, it's any unlawful touching and these three things have to be present. It would be cool to kind of take all those jury instructions and then say like, Hey Rev, I'm uploading body cam from an assault and battery case. Where are these elements in place? So if it's an assault and battery and there's three elements, identify each statement that is element one or element two or element three, that'd be something that'd be kind of cool. And they'll just come from the jury instructions, which like I said are pretty standard in Massachusetts where they identify 1, 2, 3, and if you have these three things, it's an assault and battery.
Drew: Are there other tools you're using? You mentioned Westlaw, are you using a case management tool?
Brian: Yeah, I use My Case for case management. So My Case is cloud-based software that I can upload all my documents. So it's kind of like a file cabinet, a calendar tasks all in one thing. And I use that all the time. So My Case is my daily, I'm on that the most because that keeps track of everything. And then Westlaw for research for brainstorming and Rev for the transcripts.
Drew: Are there integrations that would be helpful from Rev into something else or something else into Rev?
Brian: So it'd be cool to have an integration between My Case and Rev. So for example, I upload a document to My Case, so My Case becomes my former physical folder, so it would have all my video files. Then what I do is I take those same documents and upload them into Rev. So I'm kind of doing the same thing in each platform, uploading it. It'd be cool if I could upload it one place and it appeared in both. I upload it in My Case and it automatically generates a transcript in Rev. That would be a cool feature rather than me having these two separate systems because what I do now in Rev, I create a new folder for basically every case, upload the documents to that case. And then the same thing with my Westlaw co-counsel, so that's like its own separate entity. So I have a separate case file with all the documents from Westlaw.
Drew: In the searching you're doing in Rev, are there ever documents that you wish you could use some of the AI searching to additional things beyond just the transcripts?
Brian: Yeah, I mean, would be nice to compare it to would be police reports. So sometimes a police report is a summary of the transcript, so the body cam is recording what's actually happening, the police officer's writing a summary. It'd be nice to have both of those together to compare. So for example, I would ask my AI a question like, Hey, what's the description in the police report? And then what the witness actually said, and maybe there's a difference and that'd be something that I'd want to know to compare those two.
Drew: If you had that every time you uploaded the body cam, you had the summary from the police, if it highlighted discrepancies every time you uploaded them, would that be helpful?
Brian: Yeah, something like that would be really helpful because a lot of times with a case I have to read carefully to highlight those discrepancies. So if there is AI that is doing that for me, that would speed things up tremendously. Sometimes the body cam is like four hours long because they turn it on at the start of the interaction and then they turn it off at the conclusion. And if it's a really intense case that's going on for a long time, you have these incredibly long videos. Also, if there's five officers responding and each one turns on the body cam, you're getting five versions of the same thing. So it can be very time consuming to go through that. And a lot more police departments are getting body cam, so the amount of information that I have to go through, it's getting pretty large.
Drew: You take the transcripts out of Rev, then you move it to My Case?
Brian: Yeah, so sometimes what I'll do is I'm manipulating it in Rev to get the transcript kind of how I want it, and then I will export it as a Word document or a PDF, and then maybe I'm putting that in My Case so I have a copy of the transcript that I can use or that I have to give to the prosecution or I'm uploading it to my Westlaw and then putting it with my other documents in there.
Drew: Is there anything about Rev that is challenging or frustrating?
Brian: Yeah, and I have this major caveat that I may be missing the obvious way to fix it. So let's say I upload a body cam and like I said, a lot of transcribers, they don't like body cam because there's people talking and their voices overlap. And so sometimes what I notice is in the transcript, I'm getting the paragraph, but sometimes two different people are speaking. It's like one person is the first half of the paragraph and then person two will speak and then person one speaks again. But I see in Rev it's all just like one long paragraph and I almost want there to be a way where I can split it up and say like, oh, this is a gap where the other person talked. Let's say there's a paragraph that is four sentences, sentences one, three and four are John Smith sentence number two is Peter Smith, but on the Rev transcript it's showing up as just one person. I want to be able to change that. So take out sentence two and have that be the next paragraph and then resume sentences three and four going back to John Smith.
Drew: You want the ability to go edit after?
Brian: Correct, correct. Yeah, correct.
Drew: Is there anything else Rev could do to strengthen their appeal to legal companies?
Brian: I mean the body cam thing is super helpful. The body cam 911 calls, being able to turn that around in minutes is so, so helpful. I think focusing in on incorporating other languages like Spanish where I am, I have a lot of Spanish speaking clients, so being able to use multiple languages and then I guess the editing features, like I just said, being able to really customize it and potentially also just continue to work on those customizations and maybe are there videos that can educate people how to use it better? Stuff like that would be helpful too.
Drew: Where do you go to learn about tools like this?
Brian: Yeah, for legal stuff, I do like legal topics. I'll go to seminars for all my technology stuff. I'll take a class here and there. My Case has a really good library of, we're going to do a seminar on this topic and so I can just go to their support page and learn the workflow skill. When I signed up for the Westlaw Co-counsel, they had a bunch of videos that I took to learn the basics and then once you go through the basics you can do more advanced stuff. So just like the training videos to learn how to do this stuff.
Drew: Let me just wrap and ask if there's anything about your experience that I didn't cover that could be useful to Rev to improve.
Brian: No, I'm really happy with it. I'm very impressed with how easy it is to use. I wish I found it way earlier.
Drew: That's great feedback.
Brian: I really do. There's so much body cam now and it's so much easier to interact with Rev and ask you questions to cut through. I'm not watching five hours or 15 hours. If it's three different officers that all had their body cam going, I can just narrow into the two minutes that I actually need from all the video.