IVW-00089
Drew Giovannoli: What prompted an evaluation of a tool like Rev? Were you using something else beforehand or was it a new tool for the company?
Cyrus Nazarian: I think I'm the only one that's really using it right now, so I wouldn't say it's for the firm yet. I've been using it and to test it out and see if it's something that I should push to have more widespread adoption. But part of it for me is that historically, either we need to find a vendor who we send files to, and then they do human transcription services, and it takes time. It's expensive. And I would rather, while doing an investigation, upload a series of videos, audio files, and then within minutes, have audio transcription, an actual transcript ready. And have it mostly be. I mean, accuracy is important with this. So every time I've used it, I've needed to go through and edit, do some extensive editing. Because we need as faithful a recreation as possible. Faithful transcription as possible. So yeah. I think it's the speed and expense that really turned me on to it. Yeah, it lets me just get work done in a more timely manner instead of waiting and then checking emails with some other service and be like, is it ready yet? It's frustrating.
Drew Giovannoli: Do you mind touching on any of the areas specifically that you've used transcription for?
Cyrus Nazarian: So in the work that we do, we have, some of the first things I use this for was a 911 call. 911 call, audio file. That was an interview conducted by an insurance company of our client. So I wanted to understand, okay, what was without having to rehear or then transcribe the 911 call or the interview, know exactly what was said and by whom. Also used it for interviews conducted of a criminal defendant by law enforcement. Using that was originally on body worn camera footage. So it was some lengthy interviewing and I wanted to have that just memorialized. I've written and during a case evaluation we are collecting facts, all the facts we possibly can. So for preserving or understanding what the facts are and not having to just rewatch audio or listen to a story, rewatch video, or listen to audio. This is nice because then you have keyword search and you can get summaries and go from there for understanding the whole factual universe of the case.
Drew Giovannoli: When you went to find a vendor, did you already know about Rev, or did you look at a few different vendors online through search?
Cyrus Nazarian: I first learned to read from a prior firm I was with and then I did some research on Rev and its competitors. I can't remember the name of any competitors, but from what I was able, what I recall is that you guys were quite competitive with the rest of the field, and I generally like the layout and how the workflow goes, so I thought that was cool.
Drew Giovannoli: Speed and cost were your top two priority. And you just mentioned layout as kind of a nice to have something that made you feel comfortable in it. Were there any other criteria that you evaluated when comparing Rev to other vendors?
Cyrus Nazarian: Well, accuracy is important. The accuracy was one of the. So speed cost accuracy. And because ultimately less accuracy is less speed. So you can spit out a transcript really fast. But if I still have to go and spend, you know, 45 minutes on an hour long interview to make sure that everything that's in the transcript is accurately reflects what was said, then, you know, that's not ideal. I've had to do that. But so I don't know how I don't know how your product compares in accuracy to others.
Drew Giovannoli: When it comes to the transcription work they had done, were there any needs or even criteria that were specific to legal? We should be aware of formatting, for example, or any way that you looked at data. Obviously accuracy is important, but anything specific to legal.
Cyrus Nazarian: I'd say because say for instance, we have a transcript of a we uploaded an audio file of a recording of a medical examination. Is your is Rev SOC two compliant, HIPAA compliant. So privacy considerations are definitely important. In the legal context so that we don't inadvertently divulge attorney client privilege communications or violate our privacy rights in medical records or otherwise. That's quite important.
Drew Giovannoli: Yeah, I mean, I am third party to Rev. I do know their SOC two type two compliant. They're HIPAA compliant, PCI compliant. But I don't have the full details on that.
Cyrus Nazarian: Yeah SOC two. Yes. That's what it is. Sorry I don't know too much about that. I've just been told that that's what that's what we that's what we need. Right. What does what does SOC two compliance even mean?
Drew Giovannoli: I think that's to do with the way you handle data about people, their personal information and anything you're learning about them. Security. Standard. Security.
Cyrus Nazarian: Yeah. You know, I think I've looked at that and it seemed to satisfy our needs, so I didn't I didn't seem to have any issues with it. I think I like that there are the time stamps that you can have line by line time stamps so that you can be very sure of, you know, pinpointing exactly where an audio file, something was said. I like the speaker labels. I don't know that that there's anything specific to the legal field that is like a feature that other people wouldn't want. But yeah, data and privacy features are very important. Oh, video. So if we're taking if we're showing, like, body worn camera footage as an exhibit at trial, we want to be able to add subtitles to that so that it'll assist the jury in understanding what is being said, and want to be able to edit it so that what is showing up is actually what is being said.
Drew Giovannoli: And do you use Rev for that?
Cyrus Nazarian: I've tried. I don't know that. I don't think I had the best results with it. Let's see. Transcript. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I've played I've done, four minute and 52nd video of body worn camera footage with it. And I don't know that. Was I able to download the video with the subtitles? That's the If I was able to do that. So. Yeah. How do. Same. Time. So I'm seeing that I can download the transcript, but I don't know how to download the video with the. Yeah. I couldn't figure out how to download the video with the subtitles in it.
Drew Giovannoli: How did Rev do on these items? Like how did do they meet your expectations on these items fall short. Did they exceed.
Cyrus Nazarian: Speed I think exceeded my expectations. But the thing is, like, I would sacrifice speed for better accuracy. Gladly. If it took twice as long. Three times as like, I think it's done like a 45 minute file audio file in like seven minutes. Even if it took an hour, I'd be happy to to to sacrifice speed for accuracy. Yeah. Costs, I think is fine, right? It's fine. Because if it were with the given, with the current accuracy, I'd have a hard time justifying a greater cost because of how much work I've had to do. Editing the transcript to have it be a faithful transcript. So I think sacrificing speed in the interest of accuracy at the current cost would make sense. But if in future there's a way to. So yeah, speed exceeded my expectations. Cost my expectations. Accuracy fell below my expectations. Data security and compliance met expectations. Ease of use. Once I figured out how, you know, double clicking that you can essentially treat it like a word doc. Kind of ease of use more or less met my expectations, maybe just a little bit under under my expectations. And then, I don't know, I, I guess I'd have to know what specific features you'd be referring to to, I guess specific features. Let's see. So if we were to download okay, this is cool how you have the inline captions columns. And then I like that they're a word doc and PDF and text file that you can export. Highlighted sections only include inline timestamps. I like those features I guess, expectations with regard to specific features.
Drew Giovannoli: With accuracy rating so high. Are there any files where it would be worth it to upgrade to a human transcriptionist first for accuracy purposes?
Cyrus Nazarian: So that's something that I haven't done yet. It's something that I believe I would do if I was I was planning on doing that for a case. I was going to head to trial, but it resolved, so there's no need to anymore. But I, I was curious when it comes to getting a human transcription. What is Rev's litigation support and ensuring that whoever did the transcription can provide like an attestation, like an affidavit or attestation or declaration or appear for, for the purposes of trial to authenticate the transcript.
Drew Giovannoli: I don't know the answer to that, but I can get an answer to it. And I think just the your question is going to be valuable to them to know that, like if you were to do what I'm hearing is if you were to do human or pay for it, you would need them to be able to do what you just said.
Cyrus Nazarian: Yeah. It'd be we'd need to. Let's see. Contagious. Yeah, I guess it would be. Part of it would be establishing a chain of custody. We would. So on one hand, say we were doing, I think sailor body body cam footage would use the officer who had the body worn camera footage to authenticate the video was taken by him or her, and then in the if if we. For whatever reason, we ended up using a transcript of that the audio and the body worn camera footage. We would need to establish that part of the chain of custody that was then sent to this person who did the the transcription. Yeah. But in most cases we would we would play the video, but ideally it would have faithful captions.
Drew Giovannoli: And just so I understood, you mentioned before about, you know, if you confirmed it, that the person who performed the transcriptions would potentially need to be available for the court case to show up and attest to the transcription.
Cyrus Nazarian: I've never seen that done, but I think having I think being able to provide us. Because you can do it by testimony. I think, like an affidavit should suffice of like I am. You know, this is my name on this date. I was provided with this file. This file name I transcribed, transcribed it. Here's a copy of the transcription. It's my license number. Whatever the case is. So I think that would probably suffice.
Drew Giovannoli: If they had that, if they had affidavits for any human transcription work, would you find it a tool that could be useful to you?
Cyrus Nazarian: Yeah, it's a request like that. It's it come with an affidavit signed by the person who did the transcription. That would be helpful.
Drew Giovannoli: Would it make you use human transcription more?
Cyrus Nazarian: I don't not at the not necessarily at the initial like, investigation stage. If for whatever reason, it made sense to use a transcription in lieu of the original, of playing the original audio or video file at trial, then yes. So it wouldn't It'd be nice to have. I don't know that it would. It if that were a requirement before heading to trial and it were available through Rev. That would prevent us from having to go somewhere else to do it.
Drew Giovannoli: Any more questions about the use? You told me what you got transcriptions of, but what do you do with the transcriptions after you've received them?
Cyrus Nazarian: I I read through them. I read through them. To collect information from them about the facts of the accident. I mean, I get quite a bit when I'm going editing the transcript while watching or listening to the file. But I use it in case evaluations. I use it in building the factual background of the case, fleshing that out. I use it to collect witness statements. Again, for factual background, which will then let me do a liability analysis, get an idea of injuries.
Drew Giovannoli: Are you using any other tools alongside Rev like, do you copy and paste it into Google or a Microsoft word or any other software in the law space like Clio or.
Cyrus Nazarian: I haven't yet, no.
Drew Giovannoli: Do you, do you read through them in Rev or do you move them to like a word doc?
Cyrus Nazarian: I think for me, the ones that I've edited, I by the time I've read through it, I have a pretty good grasp of what's going on. That I don't really need to read through the transcript once it's produced. But I do print it and save it, and we'll then send it to Extended to other attorneys with my evaluation and saying, hey, this is what's in here. Here's a quick summary. And this this is I will, I'll do is say, you know, that this person A stated this at the three minute 32nd mark, and I'll cite to it so that they can go back and either watch the video or review the transcript or both.
Drew Giovannoli: I'd love to hear anything, any challenges or frustrations you feel while using Rev things you'd like them to improve for better serve a company like yours or better serve you.
Cyrus Nazarian: It's just better accuracy of like, with the AI generated ones. So I don't know how many times it goes through it or tries to recognize. But if there were better accuracy with the AI transcription, that would be huge, because I feel like with the human transcription, while it will be more accurate, it just takes longer.
Drew Giovannoli: There's like a length of time. If they said humans done in two hours, one hour, six hours.
Cyrus Nazarian: I mean, for human transcription. Well, that's the thing is, like if to have human transcription done in a matter of like a, like a few hours, I feel like the cost is going to be significant. So in most cases we don't have it's not that pressing. If I could have something done. Like with the AI transcription, I don't need a 45. I typically don't need a 45 minute File to be ready in seven minutes. Like if I. Like an hour, I think or less. Or 14 minutes. 21 minutes, I don't know. However, extra amount of time is required to make sure that it's more accurate for human transcription. I think us being able to have it similar to like us like being able to email my paralegal and saying, hey, do you think that you can have this transcribed by end of day tomorrow? That that would be cool to have maybe like a 24 to 48 hour turnaround on a human. Transcription.
Drew Giovannoli: What are the current turnaround times for transcription?
Cyrus Nazarian: And essentially, are they doing what I. What I have been doing with the first, the first run through is, using AI, and then they'll go through and check it for accuracy and make edits as necessary.
Drew Giovannoli: That's right. So they have a process where they get a first pass done by AI, and then they have people who do transcription as a profession looking through for to edit it up to 99% accuracy.
Cyrus Nazarian: Yeah. Yeah, I think I saw I think I've let's see. So like this. One. Let's see. Okay. So we have a. Audio file. Solid. Hour and four minutes. Let's see. I like that. That it gives you the pricing, the services right here. So, 65 minutes. Human. Transcript. Dollar 93 per minute with the 3% subscription discount. The thing is, like, one thing I guess is a bit of a gripe is that the. I feel like the different levels of membership, I feel like should be a reflection of the amount of time that you need, like the anticipated number of minutes or hours of transcription that you'll need and that. That should make the difference in the price. But whether you have the lower number of minutes or the higher number of minutes, I feel like the discount on human transcripts and human captions that the discounts for subscriptions should be the same. It's like it just seems. It just seems silly to me that someone who just needs more time will get a greater discount. We're paying for something. We're paying for less time. I feel like we should get the same discount. So that when we do elect to go for the human involved services that it's, you know, it feels more equitable than like here. We know you don't need a thousand or whatever, 6000 minutes, but pay for it. And that's the only way you get a subscription. Discount is greater than the 3% for the for less because like we've had this for I think a couple of months now and I haven't gone anywhere near the max at all. So there's no reason to get a better subscription level than to get the discount. But then even with the discount, it doesn't offset the additional cost enough.
Drew Giovannoli: Sure, that makes sense. Yes. It's like for the basic plan, the dollar 70 for human versus $1.40 or dollar 39. That's what, $0.31 a minute. So you'd have to use what, 31 100 hours to get 30 bucks saved for it to make sense. So probably 60 to 100 hours or 60 to 100 minutes.
Cyrus Nazarian: There's no way we're doing I'm doing that kind of volume. So.